(DOCSP-12163): Write Phase 2 Tutorial Text (Web) (#506)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/tutorial/web-graphql.txt

Open your browser to http://localhost:3000 to access the app.

If the app builds successfully, here are some things you can try in the app:

- Create a user with email *first@example.com*

> - Explore the app, then log out or launch a second instance of the app on another device or simulator	  - Explore the app, then log out or launch a second instance of the app on another device or simulator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Explore the app, then log out or launch a second instance of the app in an incognito browser window
```

> - Create another user with email second@example.com	  - Create another user with email *second@example.com*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create another user with email *second@example.com*
```

> - Navigate to second@example.com's project	  - Navigate to *second@example.com*'s project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Navigate to *second@example.com*'s project
```

> - Add, update, and remove some tasks	  - Add, update, and remove some tasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add, update, and remove some tasks
```

> - Click "Manage Team"	  - Click "Manage Team"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Click "Manage Team"
```

> - Add first@example.com to your team	  - Add *first@example.com* to your team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add *first@example.com* to your team
```

> - Log out and log in as first@example.com	  - Log out and log in as *first@example.com*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Log out and log in as *first@example.com*
```

> - See two projects in the projects list	  - See two projects in the projects list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- See two projects in the projects list
```

> - Navigate to second@example.com's project	  - Navigate to *second@example.com*'s project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Navigate to *second@example.com*'s project
```

> - Collaborate by adding, updating, and removing some new tasks	  - Collaborate by adding, updating, and removing some new tasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Collaborate by adding, updating, and removing some new tasks
```
